alright what's up this is in BK I'm luck
but this is lame ass intro I just got a
little dead space 2 achievement clip a
little glitch i found want to show
everybody this is right before you get
to the schoolyard FL that's what i get
for playing this second time through not
know what I'm doing yeah she's already
dead but right here whenever everybody
comes out for recess at least the babies
do if you running here get them to spawn
and come back to this door just want to
pop it open run into the hall bit what
you might want to wait for him to get a
little closer to get a better shot just
come back to the door open it up and as
you'll see they're just fucking chillin
right there hanging out it's really easy
just to pop them off one at a time like
this sorry about the audio some reason
my sony vegas likes to screw it up and
not sync the audio this is where I
freaked out because there's a cradle
getting closer and closer but not
another thing I found out is you can do
this and if you checkpoint restart or
like let's say you saved several times
at that point I was just at you the
achievement will start over so let's say
you get 11 off of here here you go back
then
you're going to have to redo it because
it doesn't save your saves for the file
it doesn't save like to the xbox when I
explain I'm not sure how they other
games do it but the way this one works
it saves to that save file so you'll
have to redo it apparently I can't find
the nanny but you'll see I had 10 and
that's how I was checking to see if it
might have added them up but it doesn't
so you'll have to find more I don't know
if there's any other glitches like this
but i'll be looking and you can see you
could do it again with the second group
but then became luck you guys want more
videos like this just leave a comment
catch y'all later